BlueCat Manager - support v9.2.0 (#20854)
demisto/content: Packs/BluecatAddressManager/ReleaseNotes/1_1_0.md

#### Integrations
##### Bluecat Address Manager

> - Added support for versions 9.2.0 - 9.4.0 of the Bluecat Address Manager.

Author: ```suggestion
- Added support for version 9.2.0 (and possibly newer versions too) of the Bluecat Address Manager.
```

> - Added support for version 9.2.0 (and possibly newer versions too) of the Bluecat Address Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for version 9.2.0 of the Bluecat Address Manager.
```
